4 to 6 plus years of relevant experience in power generation, chemical/petro-chemical plant, or fuel cell applications.

Extremely professional in terms of appearance, phone manner, and group presentation skills.

Proactive and persistent with well-developed analytical skills.

Exceptional verbal and written communication skills that include a minimum of the following:
- Ability to communicate complex technical concepts in a clear, concise manner for a non-technical audience.
- Ability to interact with all levels of an organization effectively, from facilities personnel to financial leadership.
- Ability to confidently and clearly defend technical recommendations utilizing sound industry standards and referencing past performance.

Self-starter that shows the ability to work independently and under minimal supervision.

Construction and/or Facility maintenance experience a plus.

Project engineer experience in power generation or chemical plants construction a plus.

Experience in using Microsoft Office and Hangul products.

Fluent in Korean with Advanced English language capabilities.

Years of project management experience including 2 years of power generation and/or chemical industry experience strongly preferred.

Candidate experience must include management of multiple, schedule constraints, large capital projects with multiple contractors.

Renewable energy experience at scales less than 100mw is strongly preferred.

Project experience in South Korea in fuel cells is a plus.

Project management experience should include management of budgets, schedules, design contracts, and construction contracts.

Experience producing results with gas and electrical utilities and leading local permitting efforts is strongly preferred.

Familiarity with building/mechanical/electrical safety codes in Korea highly favorable: KESCO and KOSHA regulations a plus.

Demonstrated experience managing cross-functional teams of subject matter experts strongly preferred.

B.S. Engineering: Chemical, Electrical, Control & Measurement and/or Mechanical Engineering strongly preferred though other technical degrees (Construction Management, Electrical, Architecture, etc.) will be considered.

Advanced experience of Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, and PowerPoint) and Hangul is strongly preferred.

About Bloom Energy:
At Bloom Energy, we strive toward a 100% renewable future. Our Energy Servers are adaptable to new and innovative fuels while already acting as a cleaner and far more resilient source of power than existing solutions. We see hydrogen as a significant game-changer in the world's energy usage, and Bloom Energy fuel cells and electrolyzers will be the industry standard for clean, efficient, and reliable energy production.