May assist higher-level specialists to effectively drive the case to conclusion. While the church retains ownership of these cases, be prepared to intervene directly if the church fails to take appropriate actions to ensure the safety of beneficiaries.

Maintains the online reporting and case management system, including supporting church partners in using the online system and reviewing cases entered into the system by church partners.

In partnership with training staff and partnership teams, assists in the delivery of training materials and curriculum on a broad spectrum of child protection topics, ensuring that stakeholders have ongoing, high-quality learning materials for a holistic approach for effective interventions and prevention of child abuse.

Supports capacity building in assigned areas. Helps develop child protection strategy within assigned office and provides for local adaptation and implementation of strategy and plans of action, including engagement with all relevant partnership teams and colleagues. Contributes towards continual improvement of strategy and plans of action.

Helps build strong partnerships, engaging in active cooperation with government and non-government agencies, and developing strategic relationships to leverage Compassion resources to better protect children and respond to child maltreatment. Researches industry best practices, experiential learning, etc., and shares this expertise with others in the organization. May represent Compassion International by participating in inter-agency meetings.

Implements organizational and industry policies for child protection. Supports training and educating staff and church partners on child protection policies. Coaches and provides expertise, and may oversee the work of other staff.

Culture: Accountable for supporting, upholding, and engaging in Compassion's core "Cultural Behaviors" in all internal and external communication and relationships.

Education: Bachelor's degree in Healthcare, Social Work, Sociology, Psychology, or related discipline.

Experience: Years of professional practical work in child protection, prevention, and response, or a closely related discipline. Experience in implementation and monitoring child development programs. Local child protection law knowledge.

Languages: English proficiency.

Working Environment: Office. Standard Office Environment.

Physical Demands: Sitting, standing, and/or walking for up to 8 hours per day.

Travel Requirements: May be required to travel up to 30% of normal schedule.