10 years of experience within Marketing. We are looking for someone with extensive knowledge of digital marketing combined with a solid understanding of the overall marketing process.

5 years of experience from manager position(s) with an excellent track record, preferably with experience from being part of a management team.

Fluency in Swedish and English, written and spoken alike.

Academic degree.

Previous experience of B2B marketing or working hands-on with internal communications is meriting for this role.

As a person, you radiate confidence and establish credibility, taking an active role in communication and decision making. You naturally provide direction on projects and gain cooperation and action from others by setting high-performance standards.

We expect you to contribute with solid leadership skills and a result-oriented mindset. You identify challenging goals for yourself and the team, implement activities and roadmaps that align with the goals, and establish both clarity and energy by creating milestones along the way.

You are a person who focuses on the goals, even when difficulties arise along the way, and you communicate appropriately to strengthen your team's engagement.

In conclusion, you are a team player and probably known as a people-person. We believe that you have achieved excellent results in your previous roles and have done so by developing good relationships and close cooperation with others.

About the Company:

Academic Work has helped more than 150,000 young professionals find a job and start to grow in their careers, while also fulfilling our clients' recruitment needs and helping them to grow their business. We are approximately 1,000 internal employees in six countries, with revenue of 3.5 MSEK and ambitious plans for the future. We are proud of what we have achieved so far, but we are still only in the early beginning of our journey!

Do you want to know more about working at AW Group? Read more here.

Practical info:

Work area: Marketing.

Place of employment: Stockholm.

Extent: Full time.

Start date: ASAP, with regard to notice period.

In this process, Academic Work is working together with AW Executive Search. If you have any questions, please contact Recruitment Responsible: [Name Redacted] at [Email Redacted].

Our selection process is continuous and the advert may close before the recruitment process is completed if we have moved forward to the screening or interview phase.