Ensure a smooth implementation and continuum of care, develop and maintain knowledge of referral sources, collaborate and coordinate with other internal departments, outside agencies, and commanders (if indicated) to ensure that the client is receiving the most appropriate services.

Must be able to serve in an on-call duty status outside of normal work hours that includes:
- Remaining in a reasonable call-back radius
- Carrying a cell phone or regularly checking email to respond to emergencies
- Remaining in a state of readiness to perform work with limitations on pursuing outside leisure activities
- Reporting to a designated post of duty to be ready to or to perform work

Working knowledge of Microsoft Office products is required and knowledge of electronic case management system is preferred. Knowledge of the military structure and the military environment is preferred.

In accordance with Department of Defense Instruction (DoDI) 1402.5, FAP personnel who provide services to children under 18 years of age will be subject to a favorable National Agency Check (NAC) Backgrounds and Security Investigation every five years in order to protect the health, safety, and well-being of children. Personnel must undergo an installation records check (IRC), be subject to the additional requirements of the Child Care National Agency Check and Inquiries (CNACI) and the criteria presumptive and automatic disqualification as specified in section 3 of DoDI 1402.5.

Bilingual skills including knowledge of Japanese language and culture which reflects accurate understanding of complex facts and abstractions and clear expression of them in spoken and written word highly preferred.

Education.

Additional information.

GENERAL INFORMATION:
Applicants are assured of equal consideration regardless of race, age, color, religion, national origin, gender, GINA, political affiliation, membership or non-membership in an employee organization, marital status, physical handicap which has no bearing on the ability to perform the duties of the position. This agency provides reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process, please notify the agency. The decision on granting reasonable accommodation will be on a case-by-case basis.

It is Department of Navy (DON) policy to provide a workplace free of discrimination and retaliation. The DON No Fear Act policy link is provided for your review: [URL Redacted].

As part of the employment process, Human Resources Division may obtain a Criminal Record Check and/or an Investigative Consumer Report.