30 days per annum.

1.6 Health
The successful candidate must be free from any condition that would render him/her unsuitable to hold the appointment and must be in a state of health as would indicate a reasonable prospect of ability to render regular and efficient service. To satisfy this requirement, the successful candidate will be required to undergo a medical examination by the Occupational Health Nurse/Physician. The candidate will be liable for the cost of the medical examination.

1.7 Duties
The duties of the appointment are as described in the attached Job Description.

1.8 Garda Clearance
Successful Garda Clearance will be required prior to being appointed to this post.

1.9 Recruitment Process
A list of candidates will be prepared by the Selection Board, from an examination of the applications and supporting documentation received, which will be based on the criteria set out in the required qualification and experience outlined above. A short list will be made and those identified on the shortlist will be invited to interview. There may be a need to hold a second round of interviews and, if this is the case, candidates will be notified. Following the interview, all candidates will be notified of the outcome by the HR Department. The successful candidate will be made an offer and, if that candidate accepts, the appointment will be made subject to the Garda Vetting Report. The HR Department will notify the successful candidate of the mandatory/compulsory courses/training which employees are obliged to attend. Mandatory training, for example, Manual Handling, Health and Safety Courses, etc., form part of the conditions of employment along with the organisation's statutory obligation.

1.10 Travel
You may be required to travel to each of the Brothers of Charity Services Ireland West Region locations to carry out your duties and travel will be reimbursed at the rate determined by the Department of Health.

1.11 Note re Canvassing
Any attempt by candidates themselves or by any person(s) acting at their instigation, directly or indirectly by means of written communication or otherwise, to canvass or otherwise influence in the candidate's favour any member of staff of Brothers of Charity Services, or person nominated to interview or examine applicants, will automatically disqualify the candidates for the position they are seeking.

PART 2: JOB DESCRIPTION

Title: ICT Operations Manager

Permanent Full-Time

Location: Co Galway