Job Description

Background

UN Women, grounded in the vision of equality enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations, works for the elimination of discrimination against women and girls, the empowerment of women, and the achievement of equality between women and men as partners and beneficiaries of development, human rights, humanitarian action, and peace and security.

The Project "Enhancing Access to Justice for Women in Asia and the Pacific: Bridging the gap between formal and informal systems through women's empowerment" (2018-2023) is generously supported by the Government of Sweden. The overall goal of the project is to enhance access to justice for women in formal and informal systems in Asia and the Pacific, bridging the gap between these systems through women's empowerment and reduction of gender biases.

In realizing this goal, the project partners - UN Women, International Commission of Jurists (ICJ), and OHCHR - focus on achieving the following outputs:

1. Domestic laws are adopted and court decisions are consistent with international human rights law and standards, including CEDAW.
2. Gender discriminatory attitudes and stereotyped behaviours towards women by formal and informal justice providers are addressed.
3. Grassroots women's organizations and community-based women's organizations are empowered and well-positioned to facilitate, document, and monitor interactions with formal and informal justice providers, and their resilience is enhanced to build a just and sustainable future.

The Access to Justice (A2J) Programme in the Philippines focuses on women in conflict with the law. As part of a community-based approach to gender justice, A2J works with communities to increase women's legal literacy, enhance the gender-responsiveness of community-based justice mechanisms, and involve the whole community to change social norms, leading to the prevention of discrimination and to active participation of women.

Reporting to the Programme Analyst of the Access to Justice (A2J) Programme, and in close collaboration with the Regional A2J Strategic Planning and Communication Consultant, the A2J Communications and Advocacy Consultant (PH) is responsible for:

- Building the capacity of the implementing partner organizations (in Metro Manila, Cebu, and Davao) on communication and advocacy related to the A2J programme.
- Supporting the development of the communication and advocacy materials.
- Aligning their work with the national/regional campaign of the programme.

Services Required