You feel motivated and see it as an exciting challenge to be involved in building and developing the assistant role at Star Stable, and feel comfortable with supporting and coaching the people you support in a smooth and educational way.

About Star Stable

Star Stable Entertainment is the home of the fastest-growing horse adventure game in the world, Star Stable Online. With over 21 million registered users across 180 countries and supported in 14 languages, we are proud to provide an expanding gaming and entertainment platform that fosters social connections, adventures, and creativity for an underserved community of gamers. Founded in 2011, Star Stable Entertainment has grown to become a multi-channel entertainment company, the home of an independent record label, short-form animations, book series, comics, and mobile apps. We are a dedicated, eclectic team of over 170 employees, hailing from 25 different countries around the globe, and we remain steadfast in our mission to inspire girls, celebrate the power of sisterhood, and create a more inclusive gaming environment. We are on an adventure to scale our unique impact in the world with several games in development across desktop/mobile, working with both internal and external development teams. And, we're hiring and we'd love to hear from you!

What's in it for you?

As a consultant at The Pace, you will always be offered a salary in line with the business standards, healthcare, and pension, as well as joining our collective agreement. The most important thing for us is that you feel safe in your role. In the same way that we expect professionalism from you, we also want you to have high expectations of us. No matter where you are in your career, we want the role as a consultant to give you knowledge and experiences that are beneficial in your future career path.

Want to know more?

You are welcome to contact us if you have questions regarding this position or the ongoing process. Working with this assignment is Talent Acquisition Specialist [Name Redacted] ([URL Redacted]) and Consultant Manager [Name Redacted] ([URL Redacted]). We will go through the applications directly and in the consultancy business, the processes are often fast. This means that the position can be filled before the application deadline, so don't wait to send in your application! We are looking forward to hearing from you.