Full-Time Support Worker

Location: Lowestoft, Suffolk NR32  
Wage: Up to £14.54 Gross per hour  
Driver Essential? Yes  
Essential: Experience supporting a young client with cerebral palsy and manual handling, hoists  
Days & Hours: Full-time (37.5 plus hours per week), includes working days, nights, weekends  
Recruiter: 

About this client/child:  
Our client [Name Redacted] is 11 years old and enjoys spending time with her family, watching her favourite TV shows, and listening to music and arts and crafts. [Name Redacted] has cerebral palsy, is a wheelchair user, and receives her liquids, nutrition, and medication via a PEG. She uses sounds and facial expressions to communicate. [Name Redacted] is reliant on others to meet all her care needs and has a team of Support Workers providing round-the-clock care.

Overview of role:  
[Name Redacted] requires support with personal and self-care, assistance with manual handling, hoisting and transfers, support to implement her therapy programmes, and to access activities both at home and in the community. Person-centered training is provided in all aspects of [Name Redacted]’s care plan and routine. To be part of [Name Redacted]’s support team you must be able to work a mixture of shifts, including waking nights. We are looking for full-time availability. The rota is provided 4 weeks in advance and the shift times are:

- Term time, Monday to Friday: 6.00am to 8.00am, and 3.00pm to 8.00pm  
- Waking Nights: 8.00pm to 8.00am  

Rates of pay:  
- Day shifts: £12.60 weekdays, £13.65 weekends, and £18.72 bank holidays  
- Nights: £13.50 weeknights, £14.54 weekends, and £21.81 bank holidays  
All rates are quoted in gross per hour.

Who this job would suit:  
Previous experience supporting a client with a physical disability is essential as well as being a confident driver. [Name Redacted]’s car is a manual, adapted vehicle. An experienced Female Support Worker who is professional, dedicated, and passionate about enabling and supporting their client to reach their full potential. It is essential that you are a non-smoker / vaper.

What’s great about this job:  
Excellent training is provided to ensure you have all the skills required to support [Name Redacted] with ongoing support from the Team Leader and Case Manager.