Job description

Do you want to be part of creating history in the Swedish Space Industry? In 2023, we plan to launch satellites from Esrange outside Kiruna in the North of Sweden. Now there is a unique opportunity for you to be part of the preparation and operation of the new satellite launcher site and the new rocket motor test capabilities currently under construction.

Responsibilities

As an Operations Coordinator, you will work in close collaboration with our customers and coordinate activities for rocket motor tests, such as planning of hot-fire tests and other hazardous tests conducted at the vertical test stands. The planning includes coordination with other activities at Esrange Space Center and cooperation with the range safety team. You will be the customer point of contact, and in addition to the above, also be responsible for providing add-on services, creating reports, and basis for invoicing in the scope of the customer contracts. You will work together with the team and other Operations Coordinators.

Qualifications

To enjoy the role as Operations Coordinator, you are a team player with good organizational skills and a genuine interest in space activities. You have good knowledge of English and appreciate taking an active role in the team. We believe you have a master's or bachelor's degree in a technical field or equivalent experience. Any managerial experience is seen as a benefit.

We Offer You

- A unique opportunity to be part of the establishment of Sweden's first orbital launch service.
- An exciting position in a market space with continuous change and big challenges.
- A workplace characterized by an open atmosphere and proud employees all over the world.
- Opportunity for personal development.
- An organized introduction program where you will learn more about our services, customers, and SSC.

We are professionals in space. Come and join us on our exciting journey into the future!

Location

We offer a permanent position after a 6-month trial period. Daytime 40h/week. As part of the Orbital Launch & Rocket Test Department, you will take part in launching and test campaigns which are scheduled outside normal working hours. The position is stationed at our Esrange/Kiruna. We require that you are an EU citizen and have a Swedish work permit.

Application

In this recruitment, we cooperate with Randstad. Last application date: 2021-10-10. Please apply using your CV and personal letter, we evaluate all applications continuously.