1-2 years of experience as JIRA administrator with proven experience customizing JIRA projects with various schemes to meet complex customer and program project needs. 

Direct experience with the Atlassian product suite, with focus on JIRA and Confluence for project/application administration. 

Dashboard creation and management. 

Experience in performing Atlassian installations, migrations and plug-in installation critical. 

Confidence in proposing new ideas, using analytical skills, presenting to key stakeholders and receiving feedback is important. 

Experience working on project initiatives and campaigns within an overall program and communications strategy is valuable. 

Ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously and work flexibly. 

Attention to detail, ability to self-manage, check own work and maintain quality. 

Ability to work within a team and independently, working methodically to meet deadlines. 

Strong written and verbal communication skills critical. 

Confidence in proposing new ideas, using analytical skills, presenting to key stakeholders, junior and senior staff. 

Ability to receive and act on feedback. 

Desire and willingness to train others. 

Must be able to work additional hours on occasion. 

Ability to travel locally required and at times regionally or nationally as requested. 

Ability to obtain a public trust clearance. 

All candidates supporting the CMS programs must have lived in the United States at least three (3) out of the last five (5) years prior in order to be considered. 

Preferred Qualifications:
- Ability to write custom Jira Query Language (JQL).
- Experience with the Administration of CXOne Cloud Platform.
- An understanding of effective branding, design and communications valuable.
- An understanding of 508 compliance helpful.
- Experience with human centered design (HCD) framework.

External Referral Bonus: Eligible. 

External Referral Bonus $: 2000. 

Potential for Telework: No. 

Clearance Level Required: Public Trust. 

Travel: No. 

Scheduled Weekly Hours: 40. 

Shift: Day. 

Requisition Category: Professional. 

Job Family: Business Systems Analysis. 

Pay Range:.