b. Responsible for helping to check in charts the night before patient appointments and making sure all needed information is in chart: test results, referrals, lab results, x-rays, etc. If anything is missing, call the appropriate facility to retrieve the needed information. This should be done prior to the patient appointment with the physician.

c. Responsible for backing up other employees, which may include changing offices, stations, or assignments.

d. Must be able to answer phones, take messages, or transfer patient to appropriate department.

e. Must be able to communicate with patients, fellow employees, physicians, and physician support staff.

f. Must be able to take pulse rate, blood pressure, respirations, and/or temperature and determine if any of the above is normal or abnormal.

g. Responsible for suture or staple removal for postoperative patient.

h. Responsible for aiding physician in procedures, as needed.

i. Responsible for wound care and wound dressing.

j. Responsible for drawing up injectables per doctor protocol.

k. Responsible for maintaining clinic flow between all areas of the clinic.

l. Opening procedures:
   a. Make sure all lights in all patient areas are turned on and all patient rooms are cleaned and stocked.
   b. Turn on computers.
   c. Make sure all the patient medical information is input into the EHR.
   d. Look for any test results that may have come in overnight.
   e. Make sure all clinic areas are cleared of patient information left by previous physicians or physician staff.

m. Closing procedures:
   a. Help make sure all patient charts are completed for that day.
   b. Check charts to make sure all needed information is in the charts for the next day's visit.
   c. Help wipe down all exam rooms with disinfectant cleaner and set rooms back up.
   d. Make sure all clinic areas are cleared of any patient information by previous physicians or physician staff.

Requirements:

V. Position Qualifications/Requirement:
a. Certification, Registration or License: Must be BOC Certified Athletic Trainer and possess or be in the process of acquiring license, certification, or registration from the State of Idaho.
b. Minimum Education: as required for license.
c. Physical Requirement: Walking, lifting, positions, pushes and/or transfers patients. Lifting, reaching, hand-eye coordination, speaking.
d. Working Conditions: Blood borne pathogens. Potential exposure to blood, body fluids or tissues and to patient elements in general.