6-month Fixed Term, Full-Time role in a fantastic team culture. Central location close to all modes of transport. Lead, mentor, coach, and train.

He angitutanga: The opportunity

As a Senior Regulatory Support Officer in Building Consents, you will work closely with Team Leaders and Management to achieve our business goals. In this role, you will be responsible for providing subject matter expertise, guidance on building consents, and code compliance processes from lodgement to issuance ensuring our products are delivered within our statutory requirements. You will also manage all enquiries, invoicing, and loading of the Producer Statement Register for Auckland Council. In addition, you will have responsibility for identifying opportunities to improve processes, deliver training, and supporting the team with workflow and coaching. Great stakeholder management is required for this position as you will be working with different departments within the Auckland council.

He korero mou: About you

Naturally, you will be confident in facilitating workflow to colleagues and assist them with issues when they arise. You will have an eye for detail and excel in different computer systems. You will be used to working within high-pressure environments, be adaptable and work well to meet targets. Ideally, you will have at least 3 years of experience working in an admin/leadership type of role. A previous background in regulatory and knowledge of the Building Act 2004 is desirable. You will be an enthusiastic individual with an overall positive attitude, who can drive continuous improvements and guide staff through the departments change. You will be a shining example of our high-performing behaviours and be confident to challenge where those behaviours are not being met.

Nga ahuatanga kei a matou: What we offer

You will be part of a passionate team that is working towards building the future of Auckland. We are currently looking for an individual to join our high-performing team. This is a full-time six-month role. This is an opportunity for you to develop your skills while working with a supportive team. You will be rewarded with a competitive salary and a good work-life balance. A chance to help Auckland Council achieve our vision for Auckland to be a world-class city.

Copy & paste the following link into your web browser to view the position description: [URL Redacted]. Applications close 12 September 2021.