Business relationships are conducted in the best interest of Tabitha, free of gifts, cash inducements, gratuities, favors, or other perceived improper inducements. Willingly takes on additional duties and/or assignments, assisting with projects and responding to requests as assigned or as necessary. Tabithas. Core Values. As a member of the Tabitha team, I will. CARE. extend unwavering Christian compassion. CONNECT. build relationships rooted in love, because love matters. CUSTOMER CENTRIC. identify, clarify and anticipate needs to exceed expectations. COLLABORATE. create an atmosphere of teamwork. CULTIVATE. nurture an environment of innovation and growth. COURAGE. demonstrate confidence, boldness and determination. COMMIT. devote our time, talent and treasures. CELEBRATE. recognize and encourage all accomplishments big and small. COMMUNICATION Must be able to speak, read, write, and understand the English language as well as terminology and jargon specific to the job. Must have strong organizational and oral/written communication skills. Understands written and verbal instructions. Sufficient fluency to be able to train TEAMembers, explain complex problems to vendors, hold a conversation, conduct or participate in meetings, compose professional e-mails or other written communication, complete documentation requirements of the job and interact with management, vendors, state officials, TEAMembers, peer coworkers, customers, volunteers and managers effectively. Ability to recognize and interpret non-verbal cues. Ability to respond calmly and clearly to emergencies and emotional situations. Able to communicate expectations with those he/she supervises, including the ability to conduct performance appraisals and establish performance improvement plans. Facilitates departmental meetings as needed to keep employees informed of business and department changes. WORKSITE CONDITIONS Works indoors in a facility maintained by Tabitha that will typically be in good repair, clean, well ventilated and well lit. Work is performed in a standard office setting. Works under daily and hourly deadlines, requiring uninterrupted periods of intense activity. Frequent exposure to interruptions and changes in priorities. Works beyond normal scheduled hours and on weekends and holidays when assigned. Is subject to extended hours or callback during emergency conditions or based upon needs of the organization. PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS Ability to gain access to the work area and then safely perform the duties of the job while utilizing standard and specialized equipment, including but not limited to the equipment described below. Ability to move about the work area. Ability to work at a computer for hours at a time. Frequent periods of intense activity, but rare need for physical strength or physical exertion.