The incumbent maintains an electronic system to track Office actions, provides weekly reports to the supervisor, and advises staff of any upcoming reports. S/he uses PC-based word processing, spreadsheets, and charting software as the fundamental part of his/her document management responsibilities. The incumbent establishes and maintains files according to standards set by the Missions Communications and Records Office and by USAID/Washington. Marks correspondence and other documents for filing, and files them accordingly. Reviews all correspondence in advance of the supervisor's signature, corrects errors by drafters and edits correspondence, and assures that documents meet the requirements posed by incoming correspondence to which it pertains.

POSITION ELEMENTS

Supervision Received: The Administrative Assistant receives supervision from the Office Director, and/or his/her designee, who provides assignments and priority work tasks to be performed. Most work derives from normal Office operations, but special activities may be assigned at any time. S/he independently plans and carries out assignments and is responsible for the accuracy of her/his personal work. Work is normally reviewed in terms of results achieved and in meeting Office objectives.

Supervision Exercised: Full supervision of other USAID staff is not contemplated.

Available Guidelines: In addition to oral and written instructions from the supervisor, guidelines include Agency Notices and policies, USAID Mission Orders, USG Regulations, and other guidance and directives from the Automated Directives System (ADS) (specifically ADS Series 500 chapters and ADS 109, Ethics and Standards of Conduct), USAID Fact Sheets, E-mails, and other sources.

Exercise of Judgment: The Administrative Assistant must use sound judgment in addressing tasks and responsibilities, and in setting work-related priorities. This is particularly important in dealing with working-level contacts within the Embassy, and with contractors, I.Ps, other donors, and GOK officials.

Authority to Make Commitments: S/he is not authorized to commit the USG to the expenditure of funds. However, the Administrative Assistant is regularly called upon to maintain calendars and/or schedule meetings on behalf of the supervisor and staff.

Nature, Level, and Purpose of Contacts: Contacts will be maintained in-person, by phone, or by written or electronic communication with Office and Mission staff, and with relevant Embassy and GOK officials, private-sector representatives, and staffs of other donor institutions. The nature of these contacts will be principally administrative.

Time Expected to Reach Full Performance Level: Twelve months.

Minimum Qualifications Required For This Position