Program) empowers young women in Asia and the Pacific to build their skills, knowledge, and networks to be confident leaders, claim their rights, and act together to create positive social change. The YWCAs RiseUp! young women's leadership model is a peer-to-peer approach that is led by young women, for young women, and supports them to claim their rights as part of a life-long leadership journey. 

RiseUp! provides peer-to-peer leadership and advocacy training to young women and supports them to build knowledge, skills, and networks to take action on issues that are important in their lives, such as:
- Violence against women and girls
- Sexual and reproductive health and rights
- Climate justice
- Gender equality

It creates safe spaces for young women to build knowledge and confidence, challenging the human rights violations and negative attitudes that are barriers to the full realization of their leadership capabilities. Through this, RiseUp! supports young women leaders to work together, share their knowledge and leadership with others, and inspire all young women to use their voices and act together for social change.

Location: Asia-Pacific YWCA region
Closing date: September 25, 2021
Starting date: As soon as possible
Type of agreement: Consultancy (55-60 days)
Reference: YWCA-Curriculum/RiseUp!

Purpose of the Consultancy: As an approach that builds young women's individual and collective power to drive change in their lives and communities, RiseUp! is a core method for the World YWCA to achieve Goal 2035 that 100 million young women and girls transform power structures to create justice, gender equality, and a world without violence and war, leading a sustainable YWCA movement, inclusive of all. During Phase IV, the RiseUp! model and resources will continue to be developed and adapted to meet young women's changing needs. New online platforms and resources will also be created so that RiseUp! can be used by young women in other countries and beyond the YWCA. 

With the support of the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade, Government of Australia, in 2021, World YWCA seeks to review and update the content of the RiseUp! manual in consultation with young women from across its regions of reach. The consultancy call is for subject matter experts and facilitators who can work with young women to create a revised RiseUp!