(a) If you have been continually employed in the public service prior to the 1st April 2004 and you have not had a break in service of more than 26 weeks, you will be included in the Voluntary Hospital Superannuation Scheme (Non-New Entrant) with a Minimum Retirement Age of 60 and a Maximum Retirement Age of 65.

(b) If you have been continually employed in the public service post the 1st April 2004 and you have not had a break in service of more than 26 weeks, you will be included in the Voluntary Hospital Superannuation Scheme (New Entrant) with a Minimum Retirement Age of 65. There is no Maximum Retirement Age.

(c) If you have commenced employment in the public service as a new entrant or you are a former public servant, returning to the public service after a break of more than 26 weeks, you will be included in the Single Public Service Pension Scheme effective from the 1st January 2013 with a minimum retirement age of 66 (rising to 67 and 68 in line with state pension changes). The maximum retirement age under this scheme will be age 70.

Duties: The Clinical Facilitator will perform such duties as are outlined in this job description.

Hours of work: Normal working hours are 37.5 worked over 5 days. Your contracted hours of work are liable to change between the hours of 8 am to 8 pm over 7 days to meet the requirements for extended day services in accordance with the terms of the Framework Agreement.

Probation: The successful candidate will be appointed initially for a probationary period of 6 months. During the probationary period progress or otherwise will be monitored and at the end of the probationary period the service will (a) be certified as satisfactory and confirmed in writing or if not satisfactory, the probationary period may be extended by 3 months.

Annual Leave: The annual leave entitlement is 25-28 working days per year. The leave year runs from 1st April to the 31st of March each year.

Sick Leave: Payment of salary during illness will be in accordance with arrangements as approved from time to time by the Department of Health and Children.