Knowledge of the applicable areas of Celestica business in which the incumbent is located.

Ability to communicate effectively, both verbally and in writing, with a wide variety of internal and external customers.

Ability to evaluate multiple ongoing tasks and non-routine situations, determine priorities and organize work in a manner that allows for timely completion of projects.

Ability to manage a wide variety of sensitive business and employee information in a confidential manner.

Ability to present a positive, professional image of the company to a wide variety of contacts.

Ability to efficiently organize, file and retrieve hard copy and electronic information relating to the business of the work unit.

Must demonstrate a high English level written and spoken.

Physical Demands: Duties of this position are generally performed in a normal office environment. Duties may require extended periods of sitting and sustained visual concentration on a computer monitor or on numbers and other detailed data. Repetitive manual movements (e.g., data entry, using a computer).

Celestica is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on any protected status (including race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran or disability status or other characteristics protected by law).

At Celestica, we are committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. Special arrangements can be made for candidates who need it throughout the hiring process. Please indicate your needs and we will work with you to meet them.

Company Overview: Celestica (NYSE, TSX: CLS) enables the world's best brands. Through our recognized customer-centric approach, we partner with leading companies in Aerospace and Defense, Communications, Enterprise, Health Tech, Industrial, Capital Equipment and Energy to deliver solutions for their most complex challenges.

As a leader in design, manufacturing, hardware platform and supply chain solutions, Celestica brings global expertise and insight at every stage of product development—from drawing board to full-scale production and after-market services for products from advanced medical devices, to highly engineered aviation systems, to next-generation hardware platform solutions for the Cloud.

Headquartered in Toronto, with talented teams spanning 40 locations in 13 countries across the Americas, Europe and Asia, we imagine, develop and deliver a better future with our customers.

Celestica would like to thank all applicants; however, only qualified applicants will be contacted.