1.8 The Musician shall attend, participate in, and furnish input to scheduled and unscheduled meetings, conferences, and briefings that relate to the functions and services herein as required by the Government to provide effective communication and impart necessary information. The Contract Manager or designated representative shall attend meetings as requested by the Government. Meeting attendees shall at times include Musician managerial, supervisory, and other personnel knowledgeable of the subject matter. Meetings may start or end outside of regular duty hours.

Qualifications:

2.1 A minimum of two years-experience leading Christian worship with accompaniment on keyboard/piano for comprehensive worship service requirements.

2.2 The service provider shall provide documentation of the following:
- a. Ability to demonstrate rhythmic accuracy, music sensitivity, and overall appreciation of liturgical aesthetics.
- b. Demonstrate effective communication skills with a variety of age groups, to include children, within the pluralistic environment of the Chaplain Corps and be fluent in English.

Facilities:

The Government will provide the chapel facilities, meeting rooms, including space to prepare for worship. The Government will ensure that the Musician has adequate access to commercial telephone lines to perform his duties conducted on the U.S. Military Installation. The Government will bear the costs of telephone use for the performance of direct services associated and outlined in this agreement. Government telephones shall only be used in the performance of services and shall not be used to make or accept personal calls. The Government will provide (on as-required basis) workspace to include desk space, telephone, and IT support. The Government shall not provide an office dedicated solely for the Musicians use (FAR 45.509-2).

3.1 Utilities:

The Government will provide required utilities for all facilities (Chapels and Chapel Activity Centers) to perform the services under this contract. The Government will not make any modifications to utility outlets to accommodate Musician equipment.

Materials:

The Government will furnish all equipment and supplies necessary to conduct services. However, the Musician may use personal equipment to conduct Worship Services, not provided by the Military Chapel. The Government will not be held liable for loss, damage, theft, or maintenance of personal equipment. The Musician shall ensure that personal property is clearly marked and identified to preclude misidentification as Government property.