28 days annual leave (including bank holidays) pro rata.  
Uniform provided.  
Deals & Discounts through Tesco including Tesco Mobile & Tesco Bank.  
Deals and Discounts through many other external businesses.  
The Tesco Retirement Savings Plan: save between 4% and 7.5%, and Tesco will match your contribution.  
Life Assurance: 5 x contractual pay.  
Share Schemes: Join Buy As You Earn after 3 months, and Save As You Earn after 1 year.  
Career development opportunities including apprenticeships and internal development schemes.  

About us:  
Our vision here at Tesco is to become every customer's favourite way to shop, whether they are at home or out on the move. Our core purpose is Serving Britain's shoppers a little better every day. Our business was built with a simple mission: to be the champion for customers, helping them to enjoy a better quality of life and an easier way of living. This hasn't changed. Customers want great products at great value which they can buy easily and it's our job to deliver this in the right way for them. In the UK, we serve some 66 shoppers every second, so it's our goal to ensure every one of those customers experiences just a little better service on each visit.  

At Tesco, inclusion means that Everyone's Welcome. Everyone is treated fairly and with respect. By valuing individuality and uniqueness we create a sense of belonging. Diversity and inclusion have always been at the heart of Tesco. It is embedded in our values: we treat people how they want to be treated. We always want our colleagues to feel they can be themselves at work and we are committed to helping them be at their best. Across the Tesco group we are building an inclusive workplace, a place to actively celebrate the cultures, personalities and preferences of our colleagues who in turn help to build the success of our business and reflect the diversity of the communities we serve.  

Please note:  
Tesco will only recruit individuals who have passed the school leavers age. To find out the school leavers age for your country please visit the following link. [Link available when viewing the job]  

We can only accept candidates over the age of 18 if the role requires working before 6:15 am or after 9:45 pm or involves working in areas such as the warehouse, beers, wines & spirits, counters, bakery and driving roles.