WORK ENVIRONMENT

While performing the duties of this job, the employee rarely is exposed to fumes or airborne particles, toxic or caustic chemicals. The noise level in the work environment is usually low to moderate. The employee is required to inspect and safely operate a motor vehicle during the day and night and in a wide range of weather and traffic conditions. The noise level in the work environment varies based on the locations or activities proximate to which can range from low to high. There is moderate exposure to dust, fume, mists, and odors. Temperature ranges from normal indoor climate-controlled environment in buildings or vehicles and various outdoor conditions and temperature extremes encountered throughout the year in a variety of US states. General lighting is generally provided via fluorescent lighting indoors, and natural lighting outdoors, and low light conditions consistent with outdoor and/or night working environment.

During off-site travel events, the employee may be exposed to higher noise levels requiring the use of hearing protection, with moderate potential exposure to moderate dust, chemicals, fumes, and odors, as well as cryogenic and cleaning agents. During off-site travel events, the employee may be required to ride in company delivery vehicles and accompany employees on deliveries and enter into patient homes. May be required to receive vaccinations and participate in medical assessments and testing consistent with the work environment or patients exposed to. Will be required to wear various personal protective equipment consistent with the hazards encountered in this role. Will be required to use hand tools for assembly and repair, material handling equipment, cutting, carrying devices, cleanup kits, or equipment. May be required to work with cryogenic fluids requiring special precautions and PPE.

The physical demands described above are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

EEO Statement

As an EOE/AA employer, Apria Healthcare is committed to providing all applicants and employees with equal access to employment opportunities, regardless of sex, race, age, color, national origin, disability, pregnancy, religion, genetic information, sexual orientation, transgender status, gender identity, marital status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. Apria Healthcare shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 60-741.5(a).