Job Description:

1. Reporting to CFO, key member of the management team responsible for the full spectrum of finance and accounting duties.
2. Monthly closing and analysis: Review and ensure accuracy and timely delivery of monthly closing, planning, and financial analysis.
3. Reporting: Review and ensure accuracy and timely delivery of reporting package both for finance management and also business management.
4. Treasury Management: Ensures an effective system for cash forecasting and management.
5. Budgeting: Leads and manages the annual budget process by preparing and presenting the budgets through proactive collaboration with the management team.
6. Monitoring business and financial performance against budget.
7. Ensure compliance of financial policies and approval level on all types of spending and expenses.
8. Establish and maintain effective internal controls within each cycle of our business, including revenue, purchasing, financial reporting, etc.
9. Perform investor relations activities to ensure transparency with shareholders.
10. Strong support of Business Partners with daily operating business plan review and improvement, business contract review, pricing review, and cost analysis.
11. Being a key & proactive role for performance improvement, implementation of business strategies, etc.

Job Requirement:

1. 5 years relevant experience with strong exposure to overall finance management, Big 4 or US listed company exposure would be a plus.
2. Fluent English in both written and spoken.
3. Detailed knowledge of reporting requirements (local GAAP/IFRS/US GAAP), local tax laws, foreign exchange, and related issues.
4. Management skills and outstanding communication skills.
5. Integrity and strategic thinking.
6. Experience gained within the logistics, e-commerce, internet, or TMT industry will be an advantage.
7. Business mindset: Ownership attitude of getting things done, translate strategic concepts into actionable steps, strong analytical skills, and keen business sense.
8. Chinese and English bilingual speaker.

C2 C2 Budgeting Financial Planning IFRS GAAP US GAAP Treasury Management Reporting Monthly closing Financial Analysis Investment Analysis Financial Management