Ref ID: 00720-0011852850  
Classification: Sr. Accountant  
Compensation: $80,000.00 to $110,000.00 yearly  

CPG Senior Accountant

Our client, a Brand Name Fortune 1000 firm in the Consumer Products space, continues to expand. This role is a key member of the global accounting team based at the company's corporate headquarters in Norwalk, CT, and plays a critical role in supporting the significant growth in their US business. This position will be primarily responsible for providing inventory/cost accounting support and ensuring compliance with US GAAP and company policies. The individual will also assist with the monthly reporting/consolidation process, playing a key role in accelerating close processes and supporting key company initiatives. The firm is known for a professional, team-based culture. The role has tons of exposure to the "C" Suite, and they are also known for promoting from within. 

For immediate consideration, email your resume to [Email Redacted]. TY, [Name Redacted]. 

- Undergraduate degree in Accounting from a top school, and 3 plus years of accounting experience is necessary. 
- Consumer products industry experience, public accounting/audit experience, and the CPA are all big pluses. 

For immediate consideration, email your resume to [Email Redacted]. TY, [Name Redacted]. 

Robert Half is the world’s first and largest specialized talent solutions firm that connects highly qualified job seekers to opportunities at great companies. We offer contract, temporary, and permanent placement solutions for finance and accounting, technology, marketing and creative, legal, and administrative and customer support roles. Robert Half puts you in the best position to succeed by advocating on your behalf and promoting you to employers. We provide access to top jobs, competitive compensation and benefits, and free online training. Download the Robert Half app and get 1-tap apply, instant notifications for AI-matched jobs, and more. 

Questions? Call your local office at [Phone Number Redacted]. 

All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Benefits are available to contract/temporary professionals. Visit [URL Redacted] for more information. 

© 2021 Robert Half. An Equal Opportunity Employer. M/F/Disability/Veterans. By clicking “Apply Now,” you’re agreeing to Robert Half’s Terms of Use ([URL Redacted]).