Position summary:  
Use mechanical and power tools to install and connect motors and accessories on boats or ATVs as per factory specifications or as specified on work orders.

Position responsibilities:  
1. Support a strong commitment to world-class customer service and ensure a pleasant and productive shopping experience for all customers.  
2. Rig boat package per factory specifications.  
3. Rig boat package as specified on work orders.  
4. Notify Service Manager when rigging of specified unit received from manufacturer is not acceptable.  
5. Work in an efficient manner to maintain service schedules.  
6. Prepare loose motors or trailers for delivery to customers.  
7. Test each unit for proper and safe operation using established marine service procedures.  
8. Notify Service Manager if the unit has problems that need additional work.  
9. Follow work order procedures for requesting and obtaining parts, performing labor, and completing paperwork.  
10. Follow work order procedures when requesting parts or performing labor not listed on work order.  
11. Compile warranty packages per outlined process for every unit.  
12. Properly complete rigging checklist and assist with inspection process for each unit.  
13. Install optional equipment and/or accessories as per customer's request.  
14. Notify Service Manager when customer's request may not be possible or may cause a safety issue.  
15. Maintain a clean and professional work area.  
16. Follow all Company Policies and Procedures.  
17. Perform other duties, assignments, and responsibilities as needed.  
18. Able to stand for extended periods.  
19. Ability to work in a non-air-conditioned environment.

Other Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities  
Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with Management, coworkers, and customers.  
Mechanical ability

About Bass Pro Shops  
Bass Pro Shops is North America's premier outdoor and conservation company. Founded in 1972 when avid young angler Johnny Morris began selling tackle out of his father's liquor store in Springfield, Missouri, today the company provides customers with unmatched offerings spanning premier destination retail, outdoor equipment manufacturing, world-class resort destinations, and more.