Broad knowledge of other facilities and community resources.  
Broad knowledge of other health care disciplines and their role in client care.  
Broad knowledge of the normal growth and development of children.  
Broad knowledge of school, legislation and government policies and procedures that relate to client.  

Demonstrated ability to work with Aboriginal children and youth with behavioural, social, emotional and mental health/psychiatric issues.  
Demonstrated ability to perform psychosocial assessments and provide treatment planning and care.  
Demonstrated ability to apply knowledge of theory and practice to a case coordination process.  
Demonstrated ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, with Aboriginal children, youth and their families, educational personnel, Aboriginal child welfare and resources social workers, other service providers, colleagues, physician, and other health care staff, both one-on-one and in groups.  
Demonstrated listening and information seeking skills that promote communication and lead to a co-operative approach to problem solving within a multidisciplinary setting.  
Demonstrated ability to establish workload priorities.  
Demonstrated ability to take clinical input and direction from a supervisor.  
Demonstrated ability to work both independently and collaboratively as a member of a multidisciplinary team.  
Demonstrated ability to work with individuals with diverse backgrounds and exhibits a Cross-Cultural Competency.  
Demonstrated ability to adjust to new or unexpected events, to problem solve, and to deal effectively with conflict situations.  
Demonstrated ability to provide consultation, leadership and work direction.  
Ability to operate related equipment.  
Physical ability to perform the duties of the position.  
Basic computer literacy to operate computerized client care information system and word processing, spreadsheet, Internet and e-mail software.  

The hours of work including days off and work area may be subject to change consistent with operational requirements and the provision of the Collective Agreement and applicable statutes. Successful applicants may be required to complete a Criminal Records Review Check.  

WHY JOIN VANCOUVER COASTAL HEALTH?  
VCH is a world class innovator in medical care, research and teaching, delivering service to more than one million BC residents. At VCH, we embrace thinking boldly, taking smart risks, and "going first" when we believe it will lead to the best possible outcomes for patients and their families. We invite you to join us in creating healthy lives in healthy communities by showcasing our passion for care, connection to the communities we serve and our culture of teamwork that makes VCH a great place to work.