Within the Department of Defense (DoD), the appointment of retired military members within 180 days immediately following retirement date to a civilian position is subject to the provisions of 5 United States Code 3326. 

Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered for Selective Service. 

You will be required to obtain and maintain an interim and/or final security clearance prior to entrance on duty. Failure to obtain and maintain the required level of clearance may result in the withdrawal of a job offer or removal. 

Successful completion of a pre-employment drug test (including marijuana) is required. A tentative offer of employment will be rescinded if you fail to report to the drug test appointment or pass the test. You will be subject to random testing. 

Trips to field sites involve exposure to noise, as well as entry into construction and other work sites that may involve operating hazards and require the use of personal protective equipment. There may be some walking, standing, bending, and carrying of light items such as papers, books or small parts. You may be required to drive an automobile. You will be required to obtain and maintain a current valid United States driver's license. 

Daily work involves normal risks and discomforts associated with an office environment. The work area is adequately lighted, heated, and ventilated. You will observe normal safety precautions when working in and traveling away from the worksite. 

Qualifications:
Your resume must demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-12 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector. Specialized experience must demonstrate the following:
1) Managing all phases of installation transformation to include: requirement identification and validation, capability planning, business case analytics, performance measurement and management, cross-program business issues, project management and facilitation.
2) Influencing others on operational support goals, host country national agreements and international agreements to support program and budget decisions.
3) Formulating, justifying, and executing Installation Transformation plans utilizing business management principles related to Installation Transformation.
4) Interacting with senior leadership at various offices (e.g. Combatant Commanders, Service Components/Headquarters, Host Nations, U.S. Embassies and Installations) in order to implement base transitions for the command.

NOTE: This information must be supported in your resume to be considered for the position.