You enjoy working in a fast-paced environment where change is normal.

What We Offer:
We provide a positive and progressive work environment, where we all support each other to achieve excellent outcomes for our clients. You will enjoy modern training and opportunities to develop your career and an orientation/training plan backed by loads of support.

Hours of Work:
These are full-time, fixed-term opportunities until 30 June 2022. You will be rostered for 37 hours and 55 minutes per week between the hours of:
- Monday-Friday: 6:55am to 10:00pm
- Saturdays: 8:00am to 2:00pm

We work on a no surprises basis and will ensure that you will know your scheduled shifts well in advance.

Key Recruitment Process Information:
If you are shortlisted, the recruitment process will include a face-to-face interview (18/10/2021 - 22/10/2021), and reference checking. Salary starts from $53,502.00 per annum. Candidates must hold NZ Citizenship or a Permanent Resident visa at the time of application. You also must be available for the entire training period which covers 22/11/2021 to 25/02/2022 (excluding usual stat holidays). Our recruitment process moves quickly, please don't delay putting in your application.

Position Description:
[URL Redacted]

How to Apply:
To apply, click the 'Apply Now' button to upload your CV and complete the online application form. All applications must be made online. If this is not possible or if you have any queries, please contact us at [URL Redacted]. Internal MSD Employees, please apply through your myHR portal at work. This will ensure that your myHR employee profile is visible as an internal candidate.

Closing Date:
Monday, 11 October 2021.

Joining Us:
Joining MSD means being part of a whanau that celebrates the diversity each individual represents. We show manaaki, we care about the wellbeing and success of people and want everyone to thrive and be who they are in a supportive and inclusive working environment. We work together to make a difference for communities while doing the right thing with integrity. We are a Treaty partner committed to strengthening relationships with Maori, Hapu, Iwi, and communities to realise their own potential and aspirations.