Job Brief

Review claims to ensure accurate claim processing according to Medicare Part D benefit & policy. National Pharmacy Technician Certification (ExCPT, NCCT, PTCB) required. Min 3 yrs current/recent retail pharmacy experience required.

Your career starts now. We’re looking for the next generation of health care leaders. At AmeriHealth Caritas, we’re passionate about helping people get care, stay well and build healthy communities. As one of the nation's leaders in health care solutions, we offer our associates the opportunity to impact the lives of millions of people through our national footprint of products, services, and award-winning programs. AmeriHealth Caritas is seeking talented, passionate individuals to join our team. Together we can build healthier communities. If you want to make a difference, we’d like to hear from you.

Headquartered in Philadelphia, AmeriHealth Caritas is a mission-driven organization with more than 30 years of experience. We deliver comprehensive, outcomes-driven care to those who need it most. We offer integrated managed care products, pharmaceutical benefit management and specialty pharmacy services, behavioral health services, and other administrative services. Discover more about us at [Link available when viewing the job].

PerformRx is a Pharmacy Benefits Manager (PBM) dedicated to clinical culture, boutique service, and holistic solutions. Our mission is to help customers, doctors, and patients use effective medication therapy to improve health and wellness. That culture is reflected in our employees. More than 80 percent of our staff members are Pharmacists and Pharmacy Technicians, and in the services we provide. PerformRx is headquartered in Philadelphia. Our dedication to innovation and to providing the most efficacious outcomes is the core of our clinical culture and is the heart of PerformRx. PerformRx is a subsidiary of the AmeriHealth Caritas Family of Companies.

Summary:
The primary role of the Quality Analyst is to review claims to ensure accurate claim processing according to Medicare Part D benefit and policy.

Responsibilities:
- Analyze, investigate, review, forecast, trend, and present information for compliance and fraud, waste, and abuse planning.
- Conduct and manage issue identification and validate correction through the claim monitoring processes.