Support Workers. 20-37 hours per week.

Going to work should be something you approach with energy and enthusiasm each day, yet a lot of people are stuck in jobs that give them little or no satisfaction. And of course, plenty lost their livelihoods during the COVID pandemic and are now looking to start over again. Whatever your circumstance, if you want to feel more valued and to try something new and fulfilling, make the move to Southdown as a Support Worker.

Join us and, as well as really good training opportunities and the chance to progress, we'll also provide a great benefits package. What's more, as cliched as it sounds, no two days are the same. There's also a lot of going out and about, exploring the local community, whether it's a trip to the cinema or the shops, doctors or dentist or pursuing social activities like bowling etc. There's always something going on to keep you motivated and busy.

As a Support Worker, you'll have lots of interactions with clients every day covering the usual range of human activities and emotions. Some will be routine, some fun, some could be difficult. At Southdown you will acquire the skills to make the best of each situation. You'll also have every opportunity to progress your career, just like many of our staff already have.

The real challenge for our Support Workers is to help our clients be fully involved in all aspects of their lives. This means supporting people with daily tasks such as cleaning, cooking and personal care—whatever's needed so they can live as normal a life as possible, despite their physical and learning disabilities. You will help our clients getting around (this could mean in their wheelchair) and you will need good observation skills to pick up on the little things, like a smile or a look because some of our clients can't use words to communicate.

Seeing someone actively engaged in their life, making choices and having control, knowing you have had a key role to play to make this possible, is a fantastic feeling and makes the job a rewarding one.

The wearing of face masks and Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) is mandatory in this role.