General Summary of Duties:  
The provision of speech pathology to patients in their homes under written orders from qualified physicians according to established Agency policies and procedures.

Supervision Received:  
Reports directly to Rehabilitation Manager.

Supervision Exercised:  
None.

Typical Physical Demands:  
- Requires full range of body motion.  
- Requires balance skills.  
- Requires ability to ascend/descend stairs.  
- Requires ability to kneel and sit for extended periods.  
- Requires ability to lift and carry items weighing up to 50 pounds.  
- Requires corrected vision and hearing to normal range.  
- Requires working under stressful conditions.  
- Requires limited exposure to communicable diseases.

Typical Work Conditions:  
Work is performed in patients' homes and in an office environment.

Essential Duties:  
(This list may not include all of the duties assigned.)

C4, F4  
Provides speech pathology to patients and their families in their homes in compliance with state and Medicare regulations, incorporating the following:  
a) A speech and language assessment with other physical evaluation, as appropriate.  
b) Establishment of an appropriate plan of care and therapeutic goals with the patient/family.  
c) Interim patient evaluation and revision of treatment plan as indicated.  
d) Identification of patient and family needs for other home and/or community services.  
e) Instruction of patient/family in appropriate techniques.  
f) Appropriate discharge planning/referrals to patient/family.  
g) Arranging for provision of assistive equipment.  
h) Appropriate implementation and utilization of OASIS.

C4, F3  
Documents all services provided according to state and federal regulations, and Agency policy:  
a) Admission assessments are completed in a timely fashion (24 hours from first speech pathologist visit).  
b) All subsequent visits are documented within 48 hours.  
c) Time sheets are completed daily and submitted weekly.  
d) Maintains current physician orders and complies with all reporting requirements and third-party payors.  
e) Prepares interim and discharge summaries as requested.

C4, F3  
Manages caseload in assigned area:  
a) Upon receipt of referral, makes phone contact with client within 24 hours and makes first home visit within two working days.  
b) Remains flexible in daily planning.  
c) Reports any cases to supervisor where goals cannot be met or unsafe home situation exists.  
d) Maintains required productivity expectation as established by the Agency.  
e) Utilizes interdisciplinary approach attending rehabilitation meetings and informing primary nurse of clients' progress/status with therapy.  
f) Delegates appropriate tasks to home care aide.