Multiverse is a tech startup on a mission. We’re tearing down a broken system and building an outstanding alternative to university and corporate training. Our professional apprenticeships open up many career opportunities for young adults and those looking to upskill – all while helping businesses embrace digital transformation and build a truly diverse talent pipeline.

At Multiverse, we measure potential beyond academic results. Working closely with community partners, we can reach candidates from underrepresented backgrounds – building a route to the boardroom for a diverse group of future leaders. Already one of the fastest-growing startups in Europe, we recently landed in the US too. Now working with more than 300 companies – including Facebook, Morgan Stanley, and Microsoft – we’re looking for fresh talent to take us to the next level.

Here, you’ll be part of something bigger. Unlocking opportunities for all, you’ll help solve some of society’s most pressing issues, be empowered by those around you, and never stop growing your skills.

Requirements

We are looking for a Digital Business Coach to deliver our apprenticeship for early career talent entering a new role in the professional world and becoming the next generation of future leaders. You would be coaching, teaching, and facilitating learning experiences and supporting your apprentices to master core skills so that they can become rock stars in their workplace. Our programme’s tagline is ‘business fundamentals for a digital world’ and is about empowering young career talent to develop the workplace skills to be excellent business professionals whilst also learning how to use data and insight which is crucial to thrive and add value in this increasingly digital world. Your role will be a mixture of delivering one-to-one coaching sessions and facilitating taught workshops to support apprentices with their business and data skills development.

Programme Overview

The Digital Business Accelerator Programme is a 13-month apprenticeship aimed at 16-25 year olds looking to begin their career in the professional world. The programme is designed to enable apprentices to develop professional workplace skills whilst also learning how to use data to improve their role. The course is delivered through a series of 11 modules and monthly coaching sessions and is focused on applied learning to build core workplace skills, data skills, and workplace confidence. Apprentices will be assessed on.

Why join the Team

You will be joining a passionate, dynamic, and rapidly growing team made up of unique individuals from a range of sectors.