Ivanhoe Girls Grammar School is an Anglican day school strongly committed to single-sex education for girls. Catering for students from Early Learning Centre (Three Year Old) to Year 12, Ivanhoe Girls Grammar School seeks to provide excellence in education within a caring Christian community and to prepare young women for a personally and professionally fulfilling life.

We are seeking a motivated and innovative Teacher of Biology to join our staff from Term 1, 2022. The successful applicant will have significant experience as a Biology Teacher including Units 1-4 Biology with an ability to teach Science in Years 7 to 10. This position is a part-time (0.6 FTE) 12-month position with the potential for an increase in teaching load for a suitably qualified candidate.

Staff at Ivanhoe Girls are expected to be committed to providing a stimulating, challenging, and creative learning environment for girls and enjoy working collaboratively with other colleagues within their team. In addition, all staff are required to:

- Participate in the pastoral care program of the School
- Take rostered grounds duty
- Participate actively in the wider co-curricular program of the School

Additional Information:
Ivanhoe Girls Grammar School has a zero-tolerance policy for child abuse and is committed to promoting child safety, children's wellbeing, and protecting children from abuse. Ministerial Order 870 requires Ivanhoe Girls to implement child safety standards and to accommodate and take the needs of all children (including but not limited to, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander children, children from culturally and linguistically diverse backgrounds, children with disabilities, and children who are vulnerable) into account when creating a child-safe environment. The incumbent of this role must comply with Ivanhoe Girls' Grammar School's child safety policies and related policies and procedures (including the Code of Conduct), upholding the overarching principles and values set out and conducting themselves in accordance with the commitment to take all reasonable steps to promote the safety of children.

How to Apply:
Written applications should be addressed to:

[Name Redacted]  
Director of Learning and Innovation  
Ivanhoe Girls Grammar School  
[Address Redacted]  

Please email a cover letter and resume to: [Email Redacted]

Applications close: Friday 17 September, 2021 at 9.00am.