(m/f/x)

At HelloFresh, our mission is to change the way people eat - forever. From our 2011 founding in Europe's vibrant tech hub Berlin, we've become the global market leader in the meal kit sector and inspire millions of energised home cooks across the globe every week. We offer our meal kit boxes full of exciting recipes and thoughtfully sourced, fresh ingredients in 16 countries over 3 continents and shipped out more than 250 million meals in 2019. Our rapidly increasing personnel of more than 5,000 employees are the heart and soul of our highly international, fast-paced, and dynamic environment where innovation and smart, fast action is encouraged. We want you to join us and help take HelloFresh to the next level. As a company in its growth phase, this is a great time to join. Career and development opportunities are endless. We will encourage you to make an immediate impact in your area of work as well as empower you to grow your career with us.

About The Job

For our young and passionate team, we are looking for a Business Development Manager who can help us execute on the most important projects across our organization. We'll give you the freedom and tools to bring your absolute best, and the opportunities will be limitless. You will be an integral part of a fast-growing scale-up, helping us realize new business opportunities and solve critical commercial and operational challenges. We look for people who can apply deep logic to their thinking and back everything up with data. We look for natural self-starters who see things through from start to finish, and who learn from every mistake. This role offers a great opportunity to gain experience with developing, launching, and growing an online food concept in the Nordics. You will be involved in the most important topics and get a lot of responsibility from day one. There will be plenty of opportunities to grow in this role or transition into other roles as the company grows.

In the job, you will:

- Be end-to-end responsible for our Special Projects such as country/brand launches, supply chain expansions, and complex product launches.
- Identify, scope, and coordinate commercial and operational priorities across the organisation as part of our annual OKR cycle, performance fora, and ongoing project support.