Aspiring Teacher. Secondary Art LSA. Art Graduates Wanted. Art. Reading. September start - £65-£80 a day.

Are you an Aspiring Teacher looking to support those children who need it most? Do you have a passion for Art that you want to give to others? Are you interested in supporting young people to achieve excellent Art skills?

Graduates Wanted. Fantastic Opportunity for Art/Related Degree Graduates! Experience working with children required.

An excellent Secondary School in Reading is currently looking to support an Art Learning Support Assistant to join their team in September. This is an exciting opportunity for a recent graduate of Art (similar degrees considered, such as Economics) to gain valuable experience as an Art Learning Support Assistant before embarking on your teacher training in September 2022.

You will have the opportunity to raise academic attainment through 1:1 support for those students who need it most, such as those with weak critical thinking skills, English as a second language, and Special Education Needs. This 'Outstanding' Ofsted rated school in Art is looking for a confident, dedicated Learning Support Assistant who is enthusiastic and passionate about their input into a child's education. This will be an amazing opportunity for the successful applicant to develop key behaviour management, planning, and teaching skills.

Are you an experienced teaching assistant looking for a fresh adventure? Experienced professionals who can bring their expertise to this school are also actively being sought for this role.

Art Learning Support Assistant. September Start. 1:1 and small group support. Will support students with English as a second language, weak numeracy skills, and SEN students. Graduates welcomed. Great platform for aspiring teachers.

If you are interested in this Secondary role in Reading, and want to take advantage of this excellent opportunity, then make a note of your objectives, and either apply through this ad or send your CV through to.