Medical Assisting diploma from an accredited vocational institution, a community college program in medical assisting preferred. Minimum one year of recent experience working in a medical facility as a medical assistant and/or scribe preferred. Current CPR certification.

About Us:
Praxis Health is a family of medical groups providing high-quality healthcare throughout the state of Oregon. Our community-based clinics are the DNA of our business, providing better medicine, advocacy for our patients, and a satisfying and collaborative culture for our providers and staff. The Praxis family approach is dynamically different than other healthcare companies in Oregon. We are not "big box" health care, but rather a company of small groups and clinics, of nimble micro-cultures that can quickly adapt to industry changes, as well as patient needs. We have been serving communities across the beautiful and adventurous state of Oregon for over 50 years! And we are pioneers and thought leaders in the industry. Our commitment to innovative and operational excellence has allowed us to create healthcare solutions that are both cost-efficient and cutting edge. We are excited to share with you a short video that shows why the Praxis Health family is so special. Please click here: [URL Redacted]. Come see how healthcare is done right!

General Physical Requirements:
Physical Demands:
While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to stand, walk, use hands to finger, handle, or feel, reach with hands and arms, and talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to sit and stoop, kneel, crouch. The employee must regularly lift and/or move up to 10 pounds, frequently lift and/or move up to 25 pounds, and occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds.

Work Environment:
Scribes work in a fast-paced clinic. Physical requirements include but are not limited to continuous standing during shift, repeated sitting, listening, fluorescent lighting, repetitive typing and key entry work, computer work, and other normal and typical hospital/clinic conditions. Ability to push and maneuver equipment. The position may require some lifting up to 20 pounds. Scribes will interact with patients, families, ancillary staff, nurses, physician assistants, physicians, and others. This is a full-time or part-time position, as determined at the beginning of employment. Employees are expected to work as scheduled.

Equipment/Software/Systems Used:
Hospital-specific dictation and charting software, copiers, fax machines, computers.