Ability to evaluate, prioritize and problem solve a variety of tasks to ensure their timely and accurate completion.

Ability to effectively communicate, both verbally and in writing, with a wide variety of internal and external customers.

Thorough understanding of accounting principles.

Can apply Corporate Accounting policy and procedures manual.

Ability to manage specific general ledger accounts including reconciliations and understanding of accounting processes related to these accounts.

Ability to calculate and do basic interpretation of all key business metrics.

Provide interpretation of reports/results to users.

Generates reports with job-related software.

Understanding of the capabilities of the tools can identify problems and troubleshoot input errors.

Understands inter-relationships between departments.

Physical Demands:
- Duties of this position are performed in a normal office environment.
- Duties may require extended periods of sitting and sustained visual concentration on a computer monitor or on numbers and other detailed data.
- Repetitive manual movement.

Celestica is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on any protected status (including race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran or disability status or other characteristics protected by law).

At Celestica, we are committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. Special arrangements can be made for candidates who need it throughout the hiring process. Please indicate your needs and we will work with you to meet them.

Company Overview:
Celestica (NYSE, TSX: CLS) enables the world's best brands. Through our recognized customer-centric approach, we partner with leading companies in Aerospace and Defense, Communications, Enterprise, Health Tech, Industrial, Capital Equipment and Energy to deliver solutions for their most complex challenges.

As a leader in design, manufacturing, hardware platform and supply chain solutions, Celestica brings global expertise and insight at every stage of product development—from drawing board to full-scale production and after-market services for products from advanced medical devices, to highly engineered aviation systems, to next-generation hardware platform solutions for the Cloud.

Headquartered in Toronto, with talented teams spanning 40 locations in 13 countries across the Americas, Europe and Asia, we imagine, develop and deliver a better future with our customers.

Celestica would like to thank all applicants; however, only qualified applicants will be contacted. Celestica does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruitment agencies or fee-based recruitment services.